# Osinachi Chukwujama Cover Letter

Despite being highly documented, teams still face challenges deploying their services to production. This fundamental problem led to the creation of plethora of tools and services, and I see Northflank standing out, shinning clearly, among the crowd... Hi, my name is Osinachi Chukwujama and I would love to join Northflank as a backend software engineer.

I am that no-nonsence dev that documents every process, considers edge cases, solves for security implications at all stages of the development lifecycle. My greatest strength is my resilience in solving core issues of a project. Typically, when given a problem, I clearly define it, most likely in a Google doc, sometimes on paper. Then I sketch out a rough solution on Excalidraw. Next, I present my rough solution sketch to my teammates, who then review, suggest improvements, and approve it. I have applied this approach in many of the projects I have worked on in the past year, from Telex, to a real-time hospital app at my current role.

While problem solving is a major part of the job, I understand that a team should also contribute to the overall growth of the product and company. I typically, consciously, fall in love with the products I build. This motivates me to introduce that product subconciously to friends and acquantances. Having used Northflank, at the time of writing, I must say that it is a beautiful product with so much pontential. It caters to the little annoyance that developers face when deploying projects, for example, previewing the Dockerfile of a service before deployment, allowing for JSON, env-file, and key-value pairs env addition, etc. But this doesn't mean I had the smootest experience as a first timer. I noticed that when a Next.js service is restarted, it takes up to 10 minutes for the DNS to propagate. I haven't had the chance to test this for other service types. Also, I could not SSH into a backend service I tried deploying. I believe these are minor issues that are depedent on my familiarity with the product. Finally, I noticed that I had to enable continuous delivery manually before my built service was deployed and I found this counterintuitive. It makes sense that for new users, continuous delivery is enabled by default to ensure that their deployed service is immediately available. Except this was a puzzle the team set for users to solve.

Wrapping it up, I must say that I am inspired to join Northflank as a backend software engineer, and I trust that I will get to apply all the skills I have acquired over the years and learn new things along the way. I look forward to your interview process.

Best,
Osinachi Chukwujama
